# Practice for R language
All the questions are from [Codewars](https://www.codewars.com).

# OutLine
1. [Convert a Number to a String!](#prob1)
2. [Convert boolean values to strings 'Yes' or 'No'](#prob2)
3. [Are You Playing Banjo?](#prob3)
4. [Sum Arrays](#prob4)

# 1. Convert a Number to a String! <a name="prob1"></a>
We need a function that can transform a number (integer) into a string.
What ways of achieving this do you know?
Examples (input --> output):

```
123  --> "123"
999  --> "999"
-100 --> "-100"
```

**Answer:**

```r
number_to_string <- function(n) {
  as.character(n)
}
```

# 2. Convert boolean values to strings 'Yes' or 'No'<a name="prob2"></a>
Complete the method that takes a boolean value and return a `"Yes"` string for `true`, or a `"No"` string for `false`.

**Answer:**

```r
bool_to_word <- function(bool){
  return(ifelse(bool,"Yes","No"))
}
```

# 3. Are You Playing Banjo? <a name="prob3"></a>
Create a function which answers the question "Are you playing banjo?".
If your name starts with the letter "R" or lower case "r", you are playing banjo!

The function takes a name as its only argument, and returns one of the following strings:

```
name + " plays banjo" 
name + " does not play banjo"
```

**Answer:**

```r
are_you_playing_banjo <- function(name){
 return(
   ifelse(
   substring(name,1,1) %in% c("R","r"),
   paste(name, "plays banjo", sep=" "),
   paste(name, "does not play banjo", sep=" "))
 )
}
```

# 4. Sum Arrays <a name="prob4"></a>
Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of the numbers. The numbers can be negative or non-integer. If the array does not contain any numbers then you should return 0.

**Examples**
Input: `[1, 5.2, 4, 0, -1]`  
Output: `9.2`

Input: `[]`  
Output: `0`

Input: `[-2.398]`  
Output: `-2.398`

**Assumptions**
You can assume that you are only given numbers.
You cannot assume the size of the array.
You can assume that you do get an array and if the array is empty, return 0.

**What We're Testing**
We're testing basic loops and math operations. This is for beginners who are just learning loops and math operations.
Advanced users may find this extremely easy and can easily write this in one line.

**Answer:**
```r
sum_array <- function(a){
  sum(a)
}
```

